Motto - Built on the foundation of opportunity

'Not a club. An empowering transformation association'

How does CMA Work? // This section is too focused on the
- Assist students to become professionals - how tho??

- Connect students with companies to create hands on projects - should be reworded... 'hands on projects' sounds weird

- Help students build a brighter future - how does this benefit the industry people/kinda alienates them


- Connecting the


Facilitating growth though participation

Curtin Marketing Association is a student organization dedicated to providing the resources necessary for students to successfully pursue their career goals. We organize competitions, networking events and workshops to provide opportunities for students to develop their skills. CMA also provides opportunities for students who want to improve their personal branding through various workshops and guest speaker events to stand out to recruiters.

"Laurier Marketing Association is the oldest student-run marketing organization at Wilfrid Laurier University. Laurier Marketing Association serves students interested in personal branding and marketing. Laurier fosters strong marketing talent to our undergraduate students. In LinkedIn’s 2015 Canadian university rankings, Laurier’s marketing students ranked second in Canada when classifying graduates landing desirable jobs. LMA provides students passionate about marketing with the opportunities to further enhance their skills beyond the classroom through various workshops, competitions and networking events throughout the year. LMA premium members gain access to these exclusive opportunities to help students achieve their professional goals of connecting with people working in marketing and increase their chances of landing an internship or job opportunity related to marketing."

It was initiated to address current issues faced by businesses around Perth. It has been found that many industry partners have expressed the inadequacy of current graduates while many smaller firms have opted to do their own ‘in-house’ marketing. Hence, CMA aims to promote marketing in the industry and provide opportunities to students to raise the overall standard of marketing in Perth, WA.

Since 2001, CMA has continued to grow and currently has over 50 current marketing students who are all trying to become better marketers. Despite still being relatively small due to the continual graduating of students, the organisation has continued to have enthusiastic members who want to make a difference, thereby allowing CMA to be involved in a wide range of initiatives both on campus and off campus.

In line with the mission of developing the marketing industry, CMA is set up to provide opportunities to students. To do this, CMA seeks out current industry clients who need marketing assistance and works with them to achieve their goal. In the past, most clients have been non for profit organisations. This has allowed students who have participated to not only get a letter of reference or certificate which can be used on their CV, but also the satisfaction of making a difference in a non for profit organisation.


# Testimonials

Being part of CMA gave me so much opportunity to learn and grow that otherwise I wouldn’t have had. For example, I had the opportunity to work with industry leaders in companies such as HBF, KPMG, Professional Real Estate and Numerous Government Departments. - Brian t’ Hart

The event was superbly managed and we really were very impressed with the focus of the students and the standard of the pitches that emerged. Andrew Walton - Media and Communications Manager – HBF

IdeaGen is one of a number of CMA initiatives supported by the School of Marketing with the aim of providing students opportunities for professional development and industry engagement. - Professor Tony Travaglione

<section>
  <h2>Connecting students with companies to create hands on projects</h2>
</section>
<section>
  <h2>Help students build a brighter future</h2>
</section>
